Companies are legally required to file a quarterly report, the 10-Q, an annual report and the 10-K with the SEC.
The Form 10-Q, however, is the black and white, no-frills document that is submitted to the SEC.
Diluted EPS is a performance metric used to gauge the quality of a company's earnings per share
10-K filings are public information and readily available via any number of sources.
A Form 10-K is an annual report required by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), that gives a comprehensive summary of a company's financial performance.
A 10-K is a comprehensive summary report of a company's performance that must be submitted annually to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
GitHub brings together the world's largest community of developers to discover, share, and build better software. From open source projects to private team.
Git is a free and open source distributed version control system designed to handle everything from small to very large projects with speed and efficiency.
Git is easy to learn and has a tiny footprint with lightning fast performance.
Git comes with built-in GUI tools (git-gui, gitk), but there are several third-party tools for users looking for a platform-specific experience.
Git is a version control system for tracking changes in computer files and coordinating work on those files among multiple people.
Git pull command is used to download content from a remote repository and immediately update the local repository to match that content.
Git fetch command downloads commits, files, and refs from a remote repository into your local repo.
The Standard Industrial Classification (SIC) Codes that appear in a company's disseminated EDGAR filings indicate the company's type of business. These codes are also used in the Division of Corporation Finance as a basis for assigning review responsibility for the company's filings.
The Standard Industrial Classification (SIC) is a system for classifying industries by a four-digit code. Established in the United States in 1937, it is used by government agencies to classify industry areas.
SIC codes have a hierarchical, top-down structure that begins with general characteristics and narrows down to the specifics.
The SEC's EDGAR online database offers free public access to corporate information.
A CIK is the unique number that the SEC's computer system assigns to individuals and corporations who file disclosure documents with the SEC.
Non-U.S. public companies usually file their annual reports with the SEC on different forms.
Fiscal year-end refers to the completion of a one-year, or 12-month, accounting period.
We can say that Company ABC has a 12/31 fiscal year-end.
Audited financial statements are required if the effective date of the registration statement is more than 45 days after the company’s fiscal year end.
When the IPO occurs close to the registrant’s year end, the registrant’s financial statements presented in Form 10-K may only include operations for a very short period of time.
Team, Inc. today announced that its Board of Directors has approved a change in Team's fiscal year end from May 31 to December 31.
The Home Depot reported growth in net sales for the fiscal year ended January 29, 2017.
ACME Inc fiscal year ends June 30 and everyone need to be aware of closing deadlines to ensure that transactions are recorded in the appropriate fiscal year.
A Central Index Key or CIK number is a number given to an individual or company by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.
The Central Index Key or CIK is a 10-digit number used on the SEC computer systems to identify corporations and individuals who have filed disclosure with the SEC.
The CIK can be used to search for company or fund filings on EDGAR, the Electronic Data-Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system of submissions by companies and others who are required by law to file forms with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
